Update PROJECT_NAME_graduation_stage.md (#279)
ossf/tac: process/templates/PROJECT_NAME_graduation_stage.md

## Project graduation application

### Project has met all Incubating requirements

>   * "link to Incubating PR"

Reviewer: Same comment as before: I think there is no need to ask people to dig this up.

Author: added verbiage arnaud requested

### List of project maintainers

> The project must have maintainers with a minimum of five different contributors from three different organizational affiliations.

Reviewer 2: I assume we want to update the requirements in the [project lifecycle doc](https://github.com/ossf/tac/blob/main/process/project-lifecycle.md#graduated-project-entry-requirements-and-considerations) to be this specific as well?

> The project must have maintainers with a minimum of five different contributors from three different organizational affiliations.

Reviewer 2: I assume we want to update the requirements in the [project lifecycle doc](https://github.com/ossf/tac/blob/main/process/project-lifecycle.md#graduated-project-entry-requirements-and-considerations) to be this specific as well?

Author: yes, please

### Release cadence
The project must be able to show a consistent release cadence.
  * "link to releases documentation"

### Governance
Projects must have documented project governance and be able to demonstrate that governance in action.
  * "link to governance documents"

> Have a define roadmap and annual goals for the project

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Have a defined and documented roadmap and annual goals for the project
```

### Governance
Projects must have documented project governance and be able to demonstrate that governance in action.
  * "link to governance documents"
Projects have met at least 4 times over a period of at least 2 months since becoming incubating
  * "link to meeting agenda"
Have a define roadmap and annual goals for the project
  * "link to roadmap and goals"
Implements, practices, and refines mature software development and release practices, such as adherence to semantic versioning, and having a declared policy for stable releases and backported fixes.
  * "link to documentation"
Projects should harden their build systems in accordance with the SLSA Framework
  * "link to SLSA documentation"

### Security audit
When applicable, projects must have completed a security audit through a third party and addressed audit findings and recommendations.
  * "link to results of security audit"

### To retain Graduated status
A TI is expected to continue operating per the above guidelines, and to provide the TAC with quarterly status updates, and to approach the TAC when seeking approval of substantial changes (such as when accepting or promoting new Projects).

> 

Author: I prefer to keep this addition to ensure TI continues to be active
